when you think about money in your
dreams and you're looking at your
account you're like my bank account is
not aligned with my dream financial help
for a typical American household can be
stressful
we know that 46% of all Americans would
struggle coming up with four hundred
dollars in the event of an emergency and
60% of all Americans will face that
emergency within 12 months or less when
you ask the question what does money
mean to you most people will say things
like I feel anxious and so the
insecurities come the shame comes I
think we have a fraught relationship
with money because it comes with
judgment when you're not able to pay
your bills on time you can personalize
that I don't want anyone to think that
I'm not smart I don't want anyone to
know that I am very insecure with money
I don't want anyone to know that I am
super stressed out so now let's change
the narrative
[Music]
you can't do it alone and that's when
your squad has to come in it's taboo we
typically don't talk about our stresses
when it comes to money we need to come
together as a group of friends no
judgment no shame celebrate the fact
that we've made a decision that we want
to have a better relationship with money
that is worth applauding or snapping
your fingers about once you've done that
then you get real nothing should be
off-limits where does this relationship
come from why am i spending all this
money on things that don't align with my
goals what are your fears what are your
hopes what are your dreams but then we
start to take action what can we do this
week or what can we do this month money
is not the end-all be-all it's the
mechanism to accomplish whatever your
goals are it does not define you it's
just a mechanism to accomplish what
matters to you most ask yourself one
fundamental question what are you saving
for if you're saving for a car if you're
saving to pay down your debt if you're
saving for that rainy day fun it will
include short-term goals and it will
include long term goals
visualize what you're really trying to
accomplish a vision board is a visual
representation of what you're saving for
so if we break it down go get a poster
board get your markers get your glitter
take magazine pictures cut it all out
have that picture of that great trip
have the picture of you paying down your
student debt the vision board sounds
like oh how can that really help the
point is your goals need to align with
your behaviors and the vision board is
really a representation of where you
want to go and then how you live your
life and in the meantime are the steps
to really get there it's not about what
you make it's about what you keep it's
about understanding do I have the
ability with what I'm making to take
care of my basic needs and if not what
adjustments do I need to make and then
we start to break it down and talk about
the tools we start to say do we have our
savings account autosave set it and
forget it or every day put a dollar a
day whatever that rhythm is for you the
goal is the rhythm not the amount you
can start slow you can start small but
you have to start now and then let me
give you a trick we all have impulses
many times because the phone is always
with us we start shopping go out to any
sight shop up put it in your car just
don't hit bye
wait 24 hours go back and ask yourself
do I really need it what about these
items mapped to my goal and if it's
nothing
hit the lead and you got your fix
[Music]
it's also important to know that your
self-worth is not determined by your
network this is something that we can do
better about you celebrate your wins and
when you make that misstep no judgment
no shame
just get back at it
[Music]